ladies and gentlemen I present to you
the world's latest EJ let's get ready to
rumble I am so stoked this has been a
childhood dream alive
Mexican wrestling also known as Lucha
Libre is Mexico's second most popular
sport right after soccer somehow
Darren's been a childhood fan of the
sport so we contacted the headquarters
of the top organization in Mexico
triple-a and we were able to convince
them to schedule Darren to challenge
their fighters camera boys becoming a
luchador boy not yeah how's it going
hello hello it's just gonna be him doing
it yeah
almost I'm jelly brewmaster yeah Joran
winning champion Triple A I was a
classically trained ballerina and I had
to really fight for you know fighting
eight stereotypes and she fights it yeah
Messiah
Wow yes this is hexagon Junior
Oh
all that it does let's go
okay I can do that again thank you yeah
I'm not getting on what am i with
Messiah
Oh
what's the craziest thing my life did
look at these people did I lose a lot no
not going yeah I might have a fractured
rib so what happens oh did we get power
right
you